Here you hear you, Harmontown is now in session.
Welcome to the Nerdmelt Theater in Hollywood, California, and you listening out in podcast
land. Thank you for joining us. Please won't you all either physically or spiritually put
your hands together for the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon. Thank you. Thank you.
Are you going to be troubled tonight, pink hair? All right, pink hair in line. I parked here earlier
to go meet some friends. Well, yeah, because you screamed at me and I was terrified. I blew you
a kiss because I was afraid for my own safety. Well, what's your name for fuck's sake? Christina.
Christina, everybody. Security, keep an eye on Christina. You may regret that applause in a
moment. Cynthia, Christina. Pink hair. Pink hair is the only primary crime. She's very excited to
be here tonight. Very excited, very excited to be near either of us. Very excited to be here with
all of you. Unfortunately, her secondary crime is her excitement is causing her to be a real
hooligan. Now I made you sad. Okay, well, it's good. I need to be able to make you sad. That's
the threat of a hooligan. Okay, good. That's the only difference between... Christina, have you
been here to Harmontown before? You're from Las Vegas, so this is a big deal. Being in the
back room at a comic book store. Yeah, it's like being in Paris or Rome. You come from a city where
the Adams family has their own slot machine. Why do you care that you're here? Do you have
any expectations or hopes or dreams tonight? Nothing? What would be your dream if you could
wake up tomorrow morning? And why am I in such a good mood? Oh, because that happened. What would
be the thing that you would hope to come out of the show tonight? Okay, all right. Don't put me
on the spot, asshole, she just said. The gauntlet has been thrown. We're coming back to you,
Christina. Mars. So curiosity has landed. And they're not going digging, by the way. The thing
in the front is not a big scooper on the Curiosity rover on Mars. They got a laser on it that's
going to evaporate rocks from a distance, and they're going to analyze rocks with a laser. Oh,
you know who's just telling me about that? Six-year-old Gil, whose podcast they did upstairs. The
owner of the place has a six-year-old son who has a podcast. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. How many
podcasts do you have, man? No, it's his podcast, Gil. Are you cheating on me? No, no. I was on
another person's podcast. I do that. The theme tonight is infidelity, by the way. Ah, very nice,
Jeff. Yes. When will you learn that I will control the shit out of this motherfucker? Thank you,
Jeff. I misinterpreted it. I thought it was a non-sequitur. I thought you were misunderstanding,
but actually what happened there is Jeff was segueing into our theme for tonight, which I
allowed the audience in line to choose. I gave them a choice between travel, finance, and infidelity.
And, you know, predictably enough, I should have thrown boobs in there, which was on the
master list because then we'd be talking about boobs all night. But I figure we'll be talking
about boobs regardless. If the theme was travel, we're going to end up talking about my hemorrhoids.
Our last show, I've got to say, if we can read the minutes from the last show. I listened to a
recording of it. It was based solely around the butthole, I believe. It was at a certain point,
we just started talking about things in butts. And I talked about how I once put a sharpie
pen in my butt. I talked about how I had a real doll at one point. Jeff talked about how he put
on fishnets once. See, he can't fail. I fuck a mannequin and I'm a pariah. Jeff's a transvestite
and all the women are throwing their panties up for him to put on. I'm a sweet transvestite.
That's my secret. Rob Schrab came up and told us about scalding his own butt with hot water.
It just turned into a theme. I was thinking that infidelity would be, I would rather do
travel or finance, but then pink hair started freaking out. Anyways, there's a whole thing
in line. The crowd, the hooligans chose infidelity as a theme. We got questions from you. Jeff will
control those. I haven't read them. We'll pop over to them. Why don't we give them a taste? You
want to crack one off right off the bat? Sure, why not? All right. Just from the top of the pile
here out of my right suit pocket. If Troy ever cheated on Abed, who would it be with? Community
question. Obviously it would be Britta. Do I have to think of a funny answer? No. Troy's in
love with Britta. We're talking to a guy whose show broke up with him and started fucking another
showrunner. Who do you think Troy's in love with? Do you guys watch the show? That wasn't a
secret. I'm not Damon Lindelof. You don't have to watch the episodes backwards and freeze frame
on the shot of his driver's license and run it through the Da Vinci matrix. He just seemed to
have a big crush on Britta, it seemed. Anyways, let's not talk about that. Let's get over that
relationship, shall we? That was an example of a question about infidelity. How deep do you want
to dig on the first one? Do you want to start off light or heavy stuff? We're not talking to you,
pink hair. Holy shit. You can't go back and forth between being rambunctious and then going, I'm
sorry, don't pick on me. We're going to start picking on you. You've got to keep it down to
feel the people around you. You're sitting right next to Enti. He's like a star here. He doesn't
have the right to get all. He would be playing into a stereotype if he started yelling.
For podcast people, he's talking about a black gentleman. You might remember him from one of
our numerous podcasts about race. Episodes three through eight, which the theme ended up being
race. You weren't here last time, were you? We thought we had really committed a crime. We had
done something terrible. Enti's like the last Native American. If he goes away, we littered too
much. We're comforted by his presence. We're hanging onto that bow. What blows my mind is
that you continue. You seem like a very nice kind of mild mannered dude. You still sit right in
the front row every time. It's like a splash zone. He's an aspiring writer, right, Enti? You
want to be a writer? I don't know if that maybe that's offensive. Maybe you are a writer. I think
you want to be a writer. Okay. I don't know. Maybe he wrote a fucking thing for his school
paper. He's going to go home and cut himself. He didn't acknowledge my poetry series. Enti
heart full soul. I have a question for Pink Hair Lady real quick. Do you live in the 714 area
here? Someone wrote down call me and there's a phone number. There's Pink Lipstick all over it.
Someone shat their hand up. Who was it? All right. That's not your boyfriend that you came
here with, right? You're not doing this to him. Okay. All right. Well, tonight is weird. Should
we just go get Jeffrey Ross, bring him up here? It feels like a toxic, ugly night is why I asked
that question. No, it's going to be fine. Haremontown should be a safe place. The original
conceit is I need to start a colony somewhere where we can all be cool to one another. I have
some issues that I would bring to bear immediately. You can have your shoes untied and no one can
say your shoes are untied unless they really mean it well instead of just saying your shoes are
untied just to assert themselves over you, which is what I'm convinced people do when they say
your shoes are untied. But I've said to you and I've heard people say to you that your shoes were
untied in the nicest possible tone and you still took great umbrage. They still mean it. Can I
tell you a story about me taking umbrage that happened outside? Time for a Dan's umbrage corner.
My wonderful girlfriend Erin McGathy and I went to a party, a rooftop party, that every year I
think Sarah Silverman has this rooftop party. And the stars come out in all their constellations.
I met Chris Bosh and then I googled him and figured out who he was. I met Das Racist and I
googled them and figured out who they were. I met Jack Black and he was like hey Das Racist is
here. I met Garry Shandling and talked to him for like eight minutes about television. He did
all the talking which was fine. I never even told him that I had anything to do with TV. I wanted
to hear Garry Shandling talk about TV. For you youngsters, I know you know Larry Sanders, the same
way you know Mr. Show because you're the way I had to know Python. But do you know it's Gary
Shandling's show on Showtime? That's important to go buy the box set of. Maybe you don't have to
sit through all of it. It's 1980s comedy. But the conceit of the concept was amazing, like Gary
Shandling was, has always been a pioneer of what, for lack of a better word, and I truly wish there
was no lack of a better word, meta entertainment. He's always been a defender of the creative's
right to use the frame as part of the painting. And so he talked for a little bit about the thing.
But so as we were going into that party, we pulled up to the building, and we were walking in,
and a guy said, are you here for Ms. Silverman's party? And we said yes. And he said, it's on the
roof. Go on the elevators on the left and straight up. I don't know what accent that is, but I know
he had one. It was Turkistan. Turkistan. Then as we were opening the door, we just hear this voice.
This guy goes, the party's over. And I was like, oh, what? And looked over at the guy who said it,
and it was just a guy sitting on a bench. And he was sitting with a woman that was, and I was like,
oh, whoa, whoa, what is it? And he immediately smiled and was like, I'm just kidding. And then we
went in and went in the elevator. And now in the elevator, I went, that guy's a fucking lame ass.
Or certainly his joke was lame. And Aaron was like, well, now he's just trying to be a comrade,
whatever. He's as nervous as you are to be outside a party. He's trying to be funny, whatever. Good
old Joan of Arc Aaron tied to the fucking stake of being cool to everybody. I hated him. I thought
he was a dick. Like, that's a dumb joke to make. If your joke is that you're a dick, that's a dick's
joke. And maybe you may be pretending to be a dick, but that's what a dick does. If that's always your
joke, I mean, that's often my joke. But so we go to the party. Like, I'm not up here to have a
breakthrough. I'm up here to be right. I'm up here to win an argument with my girlfriend, because I
have lights and a microphone on me. However, so we, we, if you were, if I go a little something, we
left the party. And then we go to the valet where our car is parked. And the valet takes my ticket.
And he says, which car is yours? And I said, it's a silver Prius. And then as he's walking away,
I, I, I go, well, that actually may be presumptuous. Call it a gray Prius.
And, and Aaron, and Aaron proceeds to, she's like, see, you're as lame as that guy
outside the party. And I was like, no, because my joke is that I'm lame. His joke is that we're
lame. He's like taking high status. And I was taking low status. I was doing like a dumb joke.
I'm just being funny and drunk. And that guy is like, he's saying that it was presumptuous is
taking low status. Well, yeah, but I was being ironic. I was being Garry Shandling about how,
how what I was saying, it's just was the guy on the bench, Garry Shandling. No.
And then we got in a big fight. And how did that go? Well, it was her sticking up for a stranger
on a bench all night. And me going, no, my silver Prius joke was awesome. It was, it was funny.
I don't want to overstep gray Prius. It's funny, you know,
because silver is a color, but it also denotes value.
And you, you saw that landed? Well, I didn't think it landed.
I didn't think it landed. You saw that undid all the wrongs of the guy on the bench had to,
why don't you change your name to Aaron? Because this is the conversation we had.
But as I was trying to explain to her, it's not my joke. Unlike the good party's over guy,
my joke doesn't have to land. I'm not holding anyone hostage with my joke. I'm talking to
the back of a valet's head. I don't care if he's deaf. It's still a funny joke to me. And,
and it doesn't matter. It doesn't have to turn around and go, huh? And me go,
I'm just kidding about my Prius. It becomes a call. This guy is the, that's comedic al-Qaeda to
go like, party's over. What? The party's over? No, it's not. Yeah, but I, I, six-year-old humor.
I've known you long enough to know that when, when your shoe's untied, you can't even say it like,
hey, Dan, we're going into a kind of a dirty restaurant, the floor is dirty. You might want
to tie those shoes. Like, there's no way to say that to you without you taking offense. Nobody
ever says you're going into a dirty restaurant. Everyone just goes, shoe's untied, bro. But I
go, hey, Dan, uh, fucking, uh, no, my shoes aren't untied. Party's over formula. No, I'm saying,
if I say that, I don't think I'm trying to zin you. I think I'm saying like, uh, should that
be a concern to you? Maybe you don't notice that. I've learned now to never give two shits about
your shoe laces because I'm punished. I've learned to buy shoes without laces. This is a rare night
for me. I'm wearing a fine pair of Adidas. Yes, Adidas. As always, Harmontown brought to you
by the good people at Adidas. Why give your foot a handshake when you can give it a hug? Yes,
Adidas. The A is for after, uh, glow. Have sex with your foot by slipping a warm Adidas shoe on
it. Nike. Do you think that this is ever going to pay off at Nike's going to really feel the
pressure? I can't, I can't stop now. What are we going to give up? Gentlemen, I've just seen a spike
in sales over at Adidas and it can only be attributed to one thing. That's what we have to
hope for. This aggressive guerrilla campaign over at Harmontown to strong arm us. Yeah. I say no
way. I am the C, the chief financial officer. I say no. And then an old man gets in there,
comes in, and we're in a wheelchair and he goes, I think we're going about this all wrong, gentlemen.
Give them whatever they want. I remember when you were a guerrilla, Richard. That's different,
Mr. Jenkins. I would like to think maybe four months time instead of this Harmontown poster
back here, just a huge Nike swoosh back here. I'm telling you, yeah, hey, Nike, living well is
the best revenge. Fucking buy me out. And the next Harmontown can be about how much I love sucking
Nike's dick. I'll have no choice. You'll have me on the hook. I think the first step though is we
actually have to, it has to become evident that we've made Adidas a dollar. Yeah, well, I believe
that will become evident. Don't worry about that, Jeff. Don't become one of them. Just be a creative
and advertise for Adidas and let's see if we can reverse this. I'm not your valet guy. You can just
yell shit at. So what was the, what was the outcome of the fight? Did you guys find any closure to
that? Relationship better than ever. Sealed it all up. All the holes are plugged. I don't know.
We agreed that we were both drunk and having an argument about a stupid thing. That's how it ended.
Do you guys ever argue about important shit? Like, you know, like the Holocaust? Like six million
people. Come on, give me the remote. No, we never argue about important things. We're both narcissistic
assholes. We don't care about the polar ice caps. We care about ourselves and each other.
So that's what we fight about. We fight because we worry that we don't love each other as much as
the other person loves us. Those are the good fights. The love fights. You know, eagles, they
make love in midair and they spiral to the floor. You're moved to words? What were you saying?
He got overcome. They're dying on the way down, you say?
Oh, so you like it. You like it. So you're saying the same thing the guy with the microphone is
saying. Just from the audience. Have you met pink hair? Don't have children. Some of us have
worked to do. Yes, Adam. Now Adam's raising his hand. I got the guy in the back doing the Mars
callback. This is fucking, this is chaos. I accept it. Yes, Adam.
Just saying if they have sex, they'll plummet to their deaths. If they have sex, they'll plummet to
their deaths. Asperger's Adam connected the dots. We have a whole cavalcade of fucking peanuts here.
The only thing that happened is that sometimes people get so overcome by what you said. They're
moved to agree. They're moved to cry out. Maybe sometime your story's shoe is untied and they
want to call it to your attention. You take Umbridge. No. This is a tragic misunderstanding
because he was saying the same thing I was, but when I hear somebody talking, he was just being
supportive. Now you really made him feel like a dick. You're saying that when people see your
shoes untied, they're saying I love you. They're trying to help. They're worried about your shoe.
I think that's their retroactive defense. I think if someone says, shoes untied, and you go, don't
tell me what to do. Get out of my life. Tend your own garden, motherfucker. Back off. Then they go,
just you could trip. Yeah, that was your first impulse. You walk around wondering when I'm
going to trip. Some people do, man. Some people who go, shoes untied, bro. Not that guy. But I
don't say it like that. I say your fucking shoes untied. You've never told me my shoes untied.
I have a liar. How about this? Two nights ago at a wedding, we're getting ready for a wedding,
and Dan Harmon came down in a nice suit. You have a suit on. Looks good in it. Dan's lost some ways
all fit. He looks like one of them. Thank you. Yeah. He looks great. But the motherfucker can't tie
a tie very well. You came down with a sloppy Harmon knot. And I thought, and boy, if you think
your shoes untied, I have more opinions about ties than shoes because the tie is right up there by
your face. And I was like, can we, let's work on that tie. And you're like, for some reason,
there was a giant, giant full length mirror from my fashion show for Aaron to Shade.
All right. Oh yeah. Call back. So there's a giant full length mirror down there. And I say, Dan,
then I would never do this because I know that you're not rewarded for telling Dan that anything
is tied wrong. He has a thing about that. And so I go, we got to fix that tie. You're like,
what's wrong with my tie? And I was like, it's just, I'm going to show you something. So I reach
around and like, you know, grandpa before the wedding and I'm tying the tie and Aaron's taking
a picture of it. And you know, that's going to be Instagrammed in a moment. And you had the saddest
look on your face. The whole tag was so bummed. Because I know it's going to be Instagrammed.
And it's like, I've been tied, I've been tied a tie since I was 12 years old. Would you tie it
like shit? No, I've got it down to a science. I do it very quickly. But it looks like, but it
looks, it looks bad. The difference between it looking bad and looking good is how much money
and power I achieve. Okay, now we're, now we're getting someone. Yeah. If I, if I put a shoe on
my head, and I'm president, everyone has to put a shoe on their head. Well, we're monkeys. We're
not fucking giraffes. I'm just saying you look better with it. What's your prefigure giraffes? Well,
they have long necks. I mean, they're obviously they're willing to change for how high the leaf is.
I mean, I think because they had more neck, they'd be more concerned about ties.
When did I become the crazy comic relief guy in my own show? Why am I the Jamie Farrer of this mash?
There was a show in the seventies. Can we get back on track, please? I try, I try to keep an
orderly show going here. I sometimes we get off on tangents. It's a rare thing, but normally this
thing is a well oiled machine. Yeah, we pick a topic, we stick to it. Yeah. Tonight's topic is
infidelity. All right, I'm going to ask another question from the audience here, Dan. All right.
Somebody writes, do you think anyone with a list of celebrities they're allowed to cheat on with
has ever been able to cross one off? I get distracted by the concept of that before because
it felt like that whole hall pass, whatever you call it, celebrity pass thing. So douchey.
So, like, it really flies in the face of my whole, you know, like the idea that's like,
well, I'm, I'm fucking you, but we both agree Paris Hilton walked in, right?
It's so fucking disgusting. I wonder at divorce rate is 70%. I'm more concerned about the voice
that you give every other person in your life. Shoot and tap, bro. Everyone in the world is
just alone. I don't know. They're all like, I go perceive them as trying to, well, you know,
who came up with that? All right, how about this? Is there a scenario where you're a
significant other cheats that you totally forgive them for? Does that signal scenario exist for
you? Well, go big. Yeah. I mean, there's obvious, there's, I mean, there's top lines.
Should we have ready for the room where anyone would, would, would cheat were like, if, okay,
if there was a alien virus, no, no, no, Dan, I said, go big. There's an alien virus released on
earth. And then like it dropped in like these orbs that created big explosions. So there was chaos.
And then the virus got aerosol misted into the air. So the primary effect is the destruction
of our infrastructure. And then while that would plunge us into chaos, which would separate me
from my girlfriend, then the virus is released into the air, which threatens the survival of the
human race. She meets a scientist, let's say played by Bill Pullman. While separated from me,
she's the only non sterilized human being in some bunker. He's the only non sterilized man.
I mean, and for some reason, they can't just put his sperm in a cup and, you know, like they really
have to do it on the floor of the Library of Congress. Then the movie's over. We beat all the
aliens and I walk across the Salt Lake Flats toward her and she's got a cigar in her mouth.
And, you know, we did it. We saved the earth. You know, she goes like, like, we did it. I'm like,
well, my God, I'm alive. You're alive. Oh, and she whispers in my ear, I had to fuck Bill Pullman.
And I go like, I would have too. I would have been okay with that. But anything really smaller
scale than that, I'd be like, whore. You belong to me. I think that you might just have enough
pettiness in your body to still, like, three days later at Little Dom's having breakfast.
This crepe's really good. Yeah, does it remind you of Bill Pullman's dick?
Is it better or worse? I'm just, I'm just, I'm making a scrapbook. Honey, honey,
we wouldn't have crepes anymore if I didn't fuck Bill Pullman. Yeah, no, no, I understood,
understood. I'm sure you hated it. He was, he was, he was pretty good. He was pretty good.
And thanks, baby. And then Paris Hilton walks in and that's my celebrity pass, which is the
conceit of my new movies. Yeah, whatever, man. I don't know. I didn't want the theme to be
infidelity tonight because the topic makes, I don't like watching movies where the central conceit
is like this scandalous taboo, like, like coming up with ways to make it okay for people to cheat.
Like it always makes me very uncomfortable. I got cheated on once and I just, I have like a,
I'm a very jealous person, very, very insecure, very possessive, very, very like,
I don't, it just, I don't want to be better about it. I don't, because I don't, I don't want to
have like big thick calluses over the part of my body that feels pain when my girlfriend wants
to fuck someone else. I want my girlfriend not to fuck other people. You know, I want, I want
true love. I want, it does, it's, it, I guess it's immature, but I, yeah, it just, it bugs me.
As soon as we see these Richard Gehr movies and, and like, like, he, he, he trained parrots and
he was married, he was married to her in 1800s England, but then she went into a coma and then
he met the parrot owner of his dreams. She's in a coma, so he couldn't like break up with her. He
just had to fuck her on top of her and it's like, you're supposed to tune in and you're really
just jacking off to, to a man and woman fucking on top of his wife. How come you don't write more
features? Now, but Dan, you've, you said in previous podcasts or Harmontowns rather that
when you are masturbating, you fantasize about your person, your, your, your girlfriend fucking
somebody else. Not my girlfriend necessarily. Like more often than not, it's, that's when I'm single
between relationships, when I'm very lonely, when I'm masturbating, I, the, the fantasy that creeps
into my head the most often is my ex-girlfriend fucking other people. But never your current
girlfriend. What's up? But never your current girlfriend. Sometimes. Really? Sometimes my
current girlfriend, but, but like not, that's more in a like a, yeah, sometimes. You know, like,
like I'll think of like, like weird raunchy situations where my, my, the girlfriend that I'm
currently with, you know, is an insatiable kind of animal that, that, that, that's, you know,
and I'm not around. It starts with self-loathing because you're, you, yeah, like I said, you
can't, I can't put myself in a sexual situation very easily. Like it's easier the path of least
resistances for me to not be there if it's really sexy. Because I look like Randy Quaid.
And you don't, you don't cast him in nine and a half weeks. You, you put him in, in vacation three.
And, and not even in the lead role. But, but, so, yeah, and that leads to like, well, if my,
if my girlfriend is fucking and I'm not there, then who's she fucking? And then you go, oh,
maybe the guy's fixing the roof. I don't know. So sometimes, sometimes, but, but it's, that's like,
you know, 15, 20%. But when I'm, when I'm single and I've been dumped, especially like, like,
it's like a hundred percent. Like I can't get my brain out of that, out of that gutter.
Like where it's like, oh, my ex-girlfriend is that, that dumped me. She dumped me because
she's, she's doing this and she's doing that. And I'm thinking about that. So it's like, my sexual
wires are crossed with my self-hatred wires. And it's, it's terrible. It's awful. It's a picture
of mental illness. But saying it into a microphone makes it all better. Thanks to everything,
perfect. Nothing will ever go wrong now. Thanks everybody tonight, by the way, for calling
me out on everything. What the fuck? It's my show. I think you seem a little extra on edge
tonight. No, I've, from the moment I came up here, I've been attacked. I know you've perceived
attack. A guy in the front row was going like, yeah, like, I totally agree. And you thought,
like, you said, hey, shut the fuck up, man. Like, no, that's not true. Can we, can we, what's your
name guy that looks exactly like a Kiva Schaefer? What's, what's your name? Levi? Well, don't do
too much talking because when you're off mic, having heard the podcast recording thing, oh,
hey, give him a mic, give him a mic. What was the thing, what was the thing you just called me?
A guy that looks exactly like a Kiva Schaefer. A friend of ours, he's a writer and a very funny
guy. Don't know what I'm 25. Should I know that? He's 22. Fuck you. Is he here tonight? Can I
fight him? Fuck him. Like, should I know it? Don't see, he's defensive too. Because of you,
though. I, well, can we do it? Can we do a thing? Like, like, like, like, like,
would you just tell me, tell me about the first, tell me about, I'm trying to think of like an
easy, like, tell me about your favorite Christmas. No. Okay. All right. You guys are meant for each
other. All right. Well, tell me, tell me, what's your favorite, what's your favorite TV show? Or
just a good one, just anyone doesn't have to be your favorite. Adam, shut up. Don't heckle, a
double heckler. It's a fucking inception of... We get a double heckler. It's a biosphere's
erupt, it's like a fractal fucking flower pattern of people. The hecklers are heckling the hecklers.
I'm not heckling at all. No, no, no, no. Well, Levi, Adam, quiet. Levi, tell me about a favorite
show of yours. Strange of the Candy. Okay. Just tell me, tell me, start, start talking about why
it's good. It's got Stephen Colbert. That's what you thought happens? Yeah. That's exactly what
happened. I was saying, I was saying eagle, eagle's fuck as they're going to the thing and I just,
I just like, they're dying. Dan, I was sitting, I have the best seat in the house because I
can see you and Levi perfectly. And he was just like, fuck yeah, they're dying out there. It was
on your side. You had a comrade. Yes, we found out he was on my side, but I'm telling you,
the customer is always right. I'm a customer base of one. If the guy behind the microphone thinks
that someone is, is, is, is like a distraction. He's right. I'm right. I'm definitely right.
You're louder. So yeah, that's, that's how it works. Now he's got a microphone. No, it doesn't.
Now we're on even ground. Yeah. No, here's the thing. Your name's going to my suicide note
tonight, buddy. Like, no, you're fucked. So the audience doesn't, they don't like this. They don't
like the chaos. They don't like the, no, no, we, we, that's what's happening now. That's the thing.
That's the thing. All right. Levi, keep the microphone. Keep talking into it. No, no, no,
no, because, because pink hair is about to grab the mic. I'm taking that away. I mean,
it rolls downhill. There's chaos and there's chaos. This has nothing to do with power dynamics. It
has everything to do with intent and emotion and dynamics. What I'm saying is not that I'm
louder than you or that you're being too loud. What I'm saying is that your way of expressing
agreement to me with these lights in my face looks an awful lot like a drowning man.
Everyone else does that. What they just did. You were, you went, he's saying I wouldn't do it.
And I thought it meant that your mother had been raped by an eagle. And I wanted to talk
about it, by the way. I didn't just point at your shirt and go, where'd you get it? Ray
Charles at a garage sale. Go fuck yourself, faggot. I didn't do anything. I didn't bully you. I
said, what's going on down here? The same way I did to that fucking asshole outside Sarah Silverman's
party. What do you mean party's over? How fuck you, my shoes untied. You got my full attention now.
My brain's the size of a fucking planet. How much of it do you want? You want all of it?
I'll give you all of it. You're not going to like it. I'm thinking about a new TV show.
It's going to make everyone happy. Party's over. Eagles are dying. Your shoes untied.
Is it about aliens that drop pods of things? That was good. Remember when I came up with?
Hey, go, what, think about your girlfriend's second dicks? Will Bill Pullman's in it? That's
a fucking box office dynamite. You see what's going on up here? I deserve space. I'll reward
you for having it. I have Aspergers. Do you think so? No, I diagnosed myself with it after taking
an online quiz and reading some conversations in a forum. Was one of the symptoms you take online
Aspergers quizzes? Yeah, yeah. I don't have an excuse. I'm a bad person. I'm a bad,
unlikable person. Would you be happier if you found out that you did have some sort of diagnosable
illness like Aspergers? Well, like Aaron said, I'd rather it be one that's named after me. I'd
rather not have this Asperger guy on my shit. Like that guy, Narcissus. Yeah, exactly. I'd
like to have people after me call themselves Harmon Burgers. As if the word burger is part of the...
I don't know. Well, you guys are throwing me. Congratulations. I mean, that's what you get.
You cracked the walnut. Now you get the chewy, neurotic nut in the middle.
Well, we have to bring fucking Spencer up here. We have a real treat in store tonight.
My applause. How many of you have never heard of or know nothing about Dungeons and Dragons? My
applause. I heard Silas start laughing, but then there was... Sorry, go ahead. Anybody who knows
nothing about Dungeons and Dragons? I'm one of those people. All right, so several, like six or seven
or eight. Yeah. But I was just laughing because I'm just very proud of my audience. Yes. We are
indeed in the back room of a comic book store right now. And three Harmontowns ago, Dan brought
up the idea of possibly having a dungeon master so we could play Dungeons and Dragons. And there
was a gentleman in our audience that night who could not have possibly known that we were going
to talk about that, who shot his hand in the air. So then last week, we brought him up again and we
came up with characters. Jeff decided that he wanted to be a gnome barbarian. Correct.
I was trying to go out of character. The audience picked the name of Quark.
Yeah. That hat kind of fell down around my ears, but I'm sticking with it. I'm Quark.
And you and your audience picked the name Sharpie Buttsalot for me.
We can change them. We can change those names. We shot from the hip. That's not good storytelling
when you go back and change. Would I be happier with a name that wasn't Quark? Yes. The answer is
yes. More importantly, you picked a gnome barbarian and I picked a human magic user.
I'm first edition Dungeons and Dragons, so Spencer had to email me subsequently and go,
oh, by the way, it's not just magic user. You have to pick between a wizard and a sorcerer.
I picked wizard. Wizard is somebody who studies it. Adam, what are you doing?
I was imagining how it wasn't going to correct you because in first part,
edition gnomes can't be more varied. I think if the show, if Nike ever does give us any money,
I want everyone in this audience to have a lavalier mic on.
And the world's biggest soundboard. Yeah. There definitely needs to be, yeah,
there's like roving drones that can just like mic people.
Some of them nerd mail, we need to area mic this audience more because there's too much
good shit happening. Adam, how could you not think I heard you?
You're not watching Breaking Bad. I'm two feet from you. He's talking to...
He was trying to help Dan. Oh, you're sticking up for just a fundamental vagrant.
I don't know much about being a barbarian dwarf, but I'm pretty sure he would stand up for this
guy. All right. Well, now, obviously, since we're arguing about Dungeons and Dragons,
which is ratings dynamite. Let's bring the star of this Walker, Texas Ranger show up. Spencer,
come on up here. How's it going? Thank you for coming back, Spencer, and thank you in advance
for the work you've done since Friday. Do we have to start with this? Did you hear what was
going on down here? Have you met Adam, by the way? Yeah. No, I haven't.
No, I... Was that insincere to you? I'm genuinely enthused. There's a huge...
Is there a weird force field up here where everybody feels like people are coming after him?
No, there's just a lot of people coming after the people on stage. Spencer and I are good
people and on the same side, right? Forever. They broke the fourth wall good and early this night.
All right. But no, seriously. So Adam started immediately talking about some kind of...
The wonderful voice amplification. Jeff just did a bit where he tried to raise the microphone
at Spencer's level. Spencer's six foot four. I'm tired of that. How tall are you? We're going
with six foot four, I think. You tell me, bro, I stopped measuring myself.
There is a huge insecurity thing going on with that microphone. There's a weird... That's the
most secure thing in the world. Fuck rulers. All right. I'm tall. That's all you need to know.
Yeah. At a certain point, you stop caring. Yeah. Okay. I got you. I like this guy. Just don't give me
that look when you say it. I'm sorry. I don't know, man. So for real, I just... Because really,
Adam, what were you saying? What was your thing about... What were you saying? Gnomes, barbarians,
what were you saying? I'm sorry. I was holding... Touching the microphone, which you're now holding
and dispensing. But in the first edition... I know I've seen your D&D rule books. I thought their first
edition and gnomes can't be barbarians. But I thought, if I say that out loud, Dan's going to think
I'm more asperging than I think he is, Am. See, that's what the sentence is that proves itself.
So I was like, I'm just going to say that quietly to someone who might get it in context. And I
still upset you for which I apologize. All right. Okay. Well, all right.
I didn't have to check. Did you... He was saying... Is there...
Yeah, he has a fair point. He was talking about first edition. Is that correct? Yeah,
we're playing 3.5 editions, so it's not an issue. But yeah, he is right.
I don't know what the fuck anybody's talking about. Well, I don't either...
Let me just explain it for a long time. Here we go.
This is getting off in the right foot. Let's call our edition 3.6,
which means that if there's an infraction, you don't have to yell out. That's the
difference between 3.5 and 3.6. All right. So if I say my wizard's wearing a pointy hat,
you know, and you read in Elf Magazine that he can't... Just, you know, don't run up on stage.
It's getting scary in this place. I'm doing great. It's good. It's just like Fort Apache the Bronx
or Assault on Precinct 17. Yeah. Take it away, Spencer. All right. Well, as we've mentioned,
you've picked a gnome barbarian, Jeff. Oh, Adam's already here. I'm a gnome barbarian.
All right. Is that not good? No, it's great. It's fine. I don't really know... Briefly
explain to me what that means. A gnome is about... Your gnome is about 3 foot, 3 inches tall,
and he angrily... That's what she said. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. It's like a kickstand, I swear.
But, and he flies angrily at people with a sword a full foot longer than he is.
No shit? Yeah. All right. We're back in business. Sorry. I'm 3 foot 3. I got a 4 foot 3 sword.
It's slanted. That's what she said.
Should I stop saying that's what she said? It's not going to happen a lot.
I think that happens 8 times per game and judges a dragon, so...
All right. Okay, so I fly angrily at people with a sword a foot longer than my body.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. I wrote you a backstory. Do you want to hear your backstory?
Fucking yes. All right. Well, let me just start it off. Quark...
stands tall for a gnome a full 3 foot 3 inches. When he was growing up, he was picked on by the
local hooligans who insulted his ragged clothes and admittedly lackluster mental faculties on a
regular basis. That is until one day he snapped in a gnomon gnome scuffle, biting the ear off the
ringleader of the local gang, the cactus bunch, after they had taken his prized bandana. It was
his first taste of blood. It would not be his last. All right. I love that. I love that a lot.
As much as I hate gnome on gnome violence, I still...
It's an epidemic. Where will it stop? But that's hopefully at the Grammys.
The thing is, as you said that Spencer, I have a perfect visual image of who that character is.
All right, great. And so, yeah, he hits stuff with a sword. That's about it, you know.
Yeah, well, we'll get there. Yeah, no, he gets better.
Is there still, as of 3.5, is it just a list of those attributes, like strength,
intelligence, wisdom, all that stuff? Yeah, there's the class features. Mostly,
it's attributes, feats, and skills. But yeah, there's some stuff.
I thought maybe you just read down Jeff's attributes, just the main ones.
Oh, yeah, yeah, no problem. He's got strength, 16. Out of how many?
Tan is considered average, like 18 is like the pinnacle of human achievement.
Like giant monsters. 16 is well above average. You'd be like a bodybuilder.
Thank you. In the real world.
Dexterity is 14, which is above average, but not like super amazing. Constitution is 17,
which is really strong. That's a, you know, he can take a beating and keep on eating.
Also, he can, and he can drink people under the table.
You got that right. He's got a 12 intelligence, which is still kind of smart for someone who's
a barbarian, but he's got 11 wisdom, which means he has no common sense.
I gave him a 17 charisma because he's got a dashing smile and a winning sense of humor.
That's not you. That's just the character.
You're the boss, Spencer. Thank you very much.
All right. Moving on to Sharpie Buttsalot.
All right.
Sharpie Buttsalot is a tall, dark-haired wizard and what is unmistakably a periwinkle
terrycloth bathrobe. Sharpie was born to a maiden doomed to life imprisonment in the
high tower of penitence. Life was hard growing up in a prison, but he started to read and learn
magic at a young age. He eventually cast featherfall on himself and fell safely out of the tower and
began adventuring. Yeah. All right. First level. That's as far as your story goes. We just started.
You start to build the legend now. And believe me, the name Sharpie Buttsalot will be feared
throughout the realm. What about my attributes? What do I got here?
All right. You got a nine strength, which is still decent for your average layperson.
I couldn't do a pull-up in grade school. You might still be able to. Yeah.
Yeah. A 14 dexterity, which is the same as Jeff's. What's his shoe tying ability?
He's got three rinks and a shoe tying. All right. Don't team up with him, Spencer. Don't
break my heart. I can't help it. I will never ask you to team up with me, but don't team up with him.
I'll try. 16 Constitution, which is a little, is still really strong. You can take some hits
and drink a lot also. You can take some hits and eat some shits.
That's my first time, man. That's my first time.
I'm just trying to have a good time over here. I'm a barbarian gnome.
We have a weird sense of humor, man. All right. You got a 15 wisdom, which means you're reasonably
wise and you have a cool head on your shoulders. Oh, I missed 18 intelligence. Sorry about that.
That's your main stat. You're really smart. Yeah.
Typecasting. These were rolled randomly. These are random rolls. Yeah, kind of. Yeah.
Like, I rolled them randomly and then assigned them to the stats that fit the classes. So like,
he didn't have an 18 strength and not be able to cast any spells yet. That's normal. That's normal.
That's just good dungeon master stuff. Well, it's good character creation. Yeah, exactly.
And 11 charisma, which is above average, but you're not going to be winning any beauty contests.
You're no Bill Pullman. I'll have to rely on my ability of storytelling to keep my woman at home.
Yeah. You got a crossbow and some spells. You can shrink people down and make things light up.
I can shoot a crossbow? Yeah, you got a crossbow because sometimes you run out of spells and
don't want to die. Oh, that's nice. All right. Well, is there anything else you need to add,
Spencer? Do you want to talk about how we proceed now that we have our characters?
Yeah. I mean, basically, should we try to play a 15 minute adventure next to Harmontown? What do
you say, audience? Yeah. Well, they're not going to boo. We'll find out if there's a good idea
or a bad one. But maybe we should... No, I said we kick this off. Next time in town, we get
Sharpie and Quark meet in the field of battle. And so what do you need to do that? Should we
next time... Should we put a little table over there so that you have a place to roll dice?
Yeah. Just roll dice and maps and things. I don't need that many maps, but yeah, dice.
All right. Okay. So we'll give... I think so we give that a shot at the next Harmontown and see
how it goes from there. All right. Thank you, Spencer. That's a lot of work Spencer's putting in
for us. It's nice of him. I think we got the right man for the job though. I think so. He's
lovable, isn't he? Yeah. He approaches his job with sincerity. I did an interview today, a small
one with a guy from Time Magazine, which I think most of the time when they say you're doing an
interview for time, I think they actually just mean and they're applauding the arrival of the
vodka. I did an interview with a guy on the phone just about the Anomalysa Kickstarter.
Why don't you explain that briefly for people that don't know? Go donate. If the time's not
up yet, go to Kickstarter. Look for Anomalysa. It's a Charlie Kaufman script that we're producing
through our studio Starburns. It's going to be a stop motion feature written by Charlie Kaufman.
You can go kick in some money and we'll make it as good as we can, as well as we can. See,
we'll do a grammar check if you give us enough money. The guy that interviewed me from Time,
his name was Harry McCracken. And that's it. That's the end of that story.
For real? I wrote that in my... Is it a nom de plume or that's his name?
I don't know. Phil's brother? You know. You worked for him? This is actual name.
He's right for PC World. Harry McCracken.
I didn't mean to talk. No, no, no. God damn it. I didn't mean to become Ming the Merciless.
A guy from the audience just said, I worked for Harry McCracken and that's his real name.
You know what I think happened? I think Spencer came up here and dispelled some of the evil magic
that was up on that stage. Well, I can't wait to listen to the recording of tonight and see who
went wrong where. But I did not feel like I came up here with any negative energy. I guess I said
the first thing I said is, hey, pink hair, you're going to make trouble. I blame pink hair.
That's what it is. You came out and blamed pink hair, but she hadn't even done anything as far as I
had seen. Thank you. Thank you. Did something go wrong in the line? Did you meet her earlier?
No, it didn't go wrong. I was being sincere. My first thought, because I saw the pink hair,
and then I thought, trouble. Because in the line, she was excited. You were excited.
I know. You don't have to. I know why. No, it's not true. Because it can be... Well, look what
happened. I guess the story we're learning, the ironic Greek myth is that I thought it would be
trouble. I tried to prevent the trouble. I caused all the trouble. Is that what we're learning?
I caused the trouble. Yes, so I caused the trouble. Geez. Take it to the bank. It's
the last check you're going to get. It's the last time I'm ever going to be wrong about anything.
Promise you that. Sometimes at Harbin Town, I have to lay down the law.
All right. What else is on the docket? Let's do some more infidelity questions, apparently.
How about now? Here's a goodie. Somebody in the audience writes, I am a gay male. I recently
stopped seeing a guy because he insisted on a, quote, open relationship. He insisted that it
would only be physical and not emotional. Is a, quote, physically open relationship possible or
any kind for that matter? Boy, that's a lot of spaghetti. That's... If I'm getting him right,
he's saying that his partner said, let's be in an open relationship. But he insisted it would only
be physical and not emotional. Well, by it, he means what? The new relationship? The new relationship
would only be a physical. I'm only going to fuck another guy. I'm not going to fall in love with
another guy. I'm not going to love another guy. I'm just going to fuck another guy. I'm just going
to filate him frequently. Well, and that's it. But yeah, well, wait. And so his final question is,
is that possible? Is there such a thing as a physically open relationship? I don't think so.
And I don't think the rules are probably any different for our gay friends, our fine feathered
gay friends. I picture them as like a hawk species in a dive. Second wave. That guy was gay. The
actor that played the leader of the Hawkman in Flash Gordon. Brian Blessed, whom I love. Yeah,
he was a big burly gay dude who was awesome as the leader of the Hawkman. Gay is a French
word. That's why I said our fine feathered gay friends. I was picturing like a battalion of
when I said our gay friends, I just pictured looking at a portal in a spaceship and seeing
like a fleet of hawk people that were there to save the day. I'm sure it's the same for
everybody. I can't tell if that's diminishing gay people or really exalting them. Well,
it's up to them. I don't know. Up to them in the hawks. When the hawks have sex in the air,
though, man, they die. Don't get Levi fucking hysterical to a point where I think he's heckling
me. Just stop it. Pink hair. God damn it. Pink hair and Levi. It's like having a bundle of
dynamite in the front row. It's not my fault. Sweating nitroglycerin. It's like you shake it
and it blows up. Okay. Gay people, hear my voice. Sex comes easier for you because men are pigs
and gay men couples are easier to hook up and stuff. But I think that's the only difference.
I imagine that everyone that goes to bed together no matter what they're doing
is cosmically intermingling a little bit. There's an emotional component to all sex. Otherwise,
all we'd all do is jerk off. If you've got the same energy from an orgasm no matter what you
were doing, it doesn't matter what promises you make. So as much as this poor gentleman probably
doesn't need or want to hear it, his mate that's saying, can I be in an open room? I'm agreeing
with his obvious anxiety, which is, no, there's no such thing as a physical. You can't love
one guy and then be physical with another guy and never the twain shall meet.
Several people, I went through the questions that people wrote down in the audience.
Surprisingly, almost word for word people asked, and several of you asked, what's worse,
physically cheating or emotionally cheating? That was on everybody's minds. What would be
more hurtful? I'm way too old fashioned to. I think that there are people who are better equipped
for this because I don't think my advice would be or my insights would be as valid. I've often
observed that people who are growing up at an age of text messaging and Facebooking and all this
stuff, they are a little more shielded in the right places. I'm a 39-year-old maniac. When I
have a girlfriend, I get nervous and jealous very easily. I think that that's sort of intertwined
with the definition of loving somebody. It doesn't make any logical sense, though. It's not practical.
So I'm not Dr. Phil about when it comes to when you should be jealous and possessive.
There's a million people out there, some of them might be in the audience, who are actually capable
of doing weird, swingery stuff and totally keeping everything together. Bruce Willis and
Ashton Kutcher and Demi Moore, whoever the fuck they all, you see a tablet, they're all in a boat
together, like, hey, we all fucked each other. Who cares? Let's go fishing. It is possible for
people to be mature. I was staying in a hotel one time. I was supposed to fly out in the morning,
but for some reason the flight got canceled, so I had to stay in Reno, Nevada for a night,
and we stayed at one of the casinos there, one of the big hotel casinos there. And I don't know
if you've ever been to Reno. It's a little mini country cowboy Vegas, the biggest little city
in the world, I think they call it. And are you from there? No. Keep it down, man. No, sir.
But we stayed at this casino, and I was walking to my hotel room, and there's me and some of the
guys I got a comedy show with, and we're walking to our hotel room, and kind of like 80% of the
doorways, like the hotel doors, there was a polaroid of like a couple, like a married couple,
or a guy in a gal, sometimes just a guy, sometimes just a gal, but there's a polaroid taped to the
doors, and I don't really think anything of it. I thought it was some thing on convention. So then
I go down to the casino, and I'm playing roulette, and I'm sitting there, and I notice like everyone's
got these really, really visible, bright, like hot pink or orange wristbands on. Not everybody,
but a lot of people, but also the same kind of age group and style of the people that were in these
photos on the doors in the hotel. And so I say to the, to the, the croupier, what do you call the
guy at the roulette table? I said, what's going on? I go, what's the wristbands and the polaroids
in the door? And he goes, this fingers convention. I was like, oh, no. I was looking around, I hate
to be a jerk, but you wouldn't fuck any one of these people. It was pretty rough. It was pretty
rough. And I said, what's up with the polaroids in the door? And the polaroids are like, if you
like, if you see, you walk by a door and you go, oh, that's who's in this room, and you can knock on
the door. And if they want you to come in, you can either join in or watch or whatever. I mean,
I guess that's, that's all fun and fine and dandy. But I got to say that the mood in that casino was
tense because nobody got what they fucking wanted or paid for. Or yeah, it was, it was rough. And
there was a couple like, there were a couple of couples that were more on the sexy scale, like on
the sexy side of the scale. And they were just being worked on by everybody and they were really
bummed out. And it was, it was bad. Yeah. I, I, in a world where we haven't answered those questions
yet, I just keep it simple and just go with what my primal instinct tells me, which is that I want,
I want a woman and I want her to be my woman. And if that's unhealthy, it's the unhealthy choice
that will get me through a sea of very confusing shit. Because, because it's, every, every, every
person I've ever talked to, every anecdote I've ever heard about three ways and four ways and nine
ways and open relationships and she's my old lady, but we have a common law thing. And when we do
this and that guy lives in her garage and he hangs in a back costume and none of those end with
anyone cutting a cake, which I'm sorry. It's, I'm my parent's son. I just want to go. I just want
to do the chicken dance and go home and have some kids and like die. And I want to do it with one
person and I don't want Kevin, you know, hanging out or Natalie. I don't, those stories end with
probably no more. I think those people, like we owe it to them to say, like, I think that people
who are pursuing their bliss, like they, those people are just as right as, as monogamists.
I think it's random and cosmic. It's like, it's, there's stress everywhere. It's fucking stressful.
You don't, there's no such thing as waking up every morning with a big hard on for, for the
person that's three feet from you and, and, and, and being happy and then going to bed happy and
doing it every day. Because then if that happens, then that, that's not, human beings aren't happy
all the time. Happiness is defined by the unhappiness that follows it. So there is no, like, you
talk, I always smell a rat when I talk to people who are like, yeah, we do, you know, we cheated
the system. We got to, you know, it's like, this is Darla. She's with me, but, you know, we go home
together. We live together, but, you know, I do what I want with Stacy. And I always feel like
someone's going to kill themselves, you know, pretty soon. Stacy's going to murder somebody
or something's uncomfortable in bed. But if I'm wrong or if I'm right, I, I, I, there's no time
for me to change that fact. I'm all for kids sticking to the, the addiction, the gum that's
under the desk that you touch when it's there. It's like, you want a girlfriend, you want your
girlfriend to turn into your wife, you want your wife to turn into the mother of your children,
you want to, and infidelity is, is a, is the static that happens on that TV reception because
people fuck up, they fail, and they, they, we all, like, we fantasize and like, think that we
did something wrong or something, and we fail as human beings, infidelity happens. And I don't,
I don't know if it's a solution to say, hey, my television station is half static. I think you're
just, you're saying, you're still saying the same thing. You're saying it's hard to be in a
relationship. And so your solution is to, is to make relationships hard. Well, somebody asked,
would you rather be the person that was cheated on or the person that cheated?
I would, I would definitely rather be cheated on. I, I, as much as, that, wow, that is a really
awesome question. That's, that's, that's a question of perspective, because it's certainly in the
long run, you would definitely rather be cheated on, because, um, fucking, like, you get to stop
being in a relationship and you're the hero. You get flooded with pity puss.
Should you want it? Pity puss. Uh, yeah, it's, it's like, you don't even have to force it in
conversation. It's going to come up naturally. Why'd you play that song on the jig box? My wife
fucked someone. She, what? I would never do that. Prove it. Make love to my penis tonight forever.
Prove you're not like my wife. Uh, you just, like, you don't, you don't, you don't break a sweat,
you sleep like a baby, you're, and, and, and you're not married. Yeah, better to be in the long run,
because you were in an unhealthy relationship if someone's capable of cheating on you.
The problem is, if you're, it's like, like, the idea of you, you, you were in love with her,
and you can't live without her, and she cheated on you. That, that, so in the short term, I,
people jump off bridges, people jump, uh, that was an unfortunate choice of words. Tony, Tony Scott
just jumped off a bridge, uh, RIP, Tony Scott, whatever, tell whatever. It doesn't, it's not
a disrespect to him to use the phrase jump up a bridge. It's just unfortunate. It was just that
we were talking about it earlier. People, people jump off of spaceships, uh, because of relationships,
because of, because of people leaving them, because, because when you, that was Ridley Scott.
When you are, yeah, let's just get it. Fuck those guys. I just, I'm not a fan. I'm not a fan.
Kidding, sorry. Everyone's a fan of everybody who's dead. Fuck you, fuck you, Phyllis Diller,
you piece of shit. I'm kidding. I work here, Phyllis Diller, and I love Tony and Ridley Scott.
Ron Polillo, you owe me money. Nice way out. Ron Polillo died. Horshack. Horshack. Horshack.
Welcome back, Carter, died as well. Welcome to our death segment of Harmontown. Uh, it's not.
This show's got it all. We got infidelity. We got judges and dragons. We got dead people. We have
a, a, a complete imbalance between the power and the power dynamic of audience and performer.
Levi fucked off about 10 minutes ago. We don't know where he went. He's gone.
He's jumping off a bridge right now.
He's, he's suffocating himself in a giant pair of acid wash pants.
It's Levi. It's just because his name, his name is, his name is a kind of pants.
I'm not going to repeat it.
Please, when he comes back. I, I admire the, uh, the, the calm and comfort you have.
I'm from Milwaukee. What? I thought you were from Las Vegas.
I live here, but I'm from Milwaukee. I am, as well.
She just called Dan an asshole now. This is unpod, the back and forth is unpod castable
because no one can hear you and we don't dare give you a microphone.
All right. No, no. Give it, give it to her. Give it to her.
Jesus Christ. I walked toward her with a microphone and the crowd, uh, a mutiny.
But I'm just, I'm not, I'm not, there's nothing wrong with you as a human being. I'm not, I'm
not saying, I, okay. I just admire her zeal and her comfort of, of just completely shoehorning
herself into the show. I think it's fantastic. But as we established, okay, we got to the bottom
of it. I stepped up on stage. I drew first blood. I immediately all of a sudden, I shouldn't have
done that. I shook that can. I was doing a callback. I thought, oh, there was energy out there in the
line. I think I'll do a big callback. I don't know what I was thinking. I'm an idiot. I'm not,
I'm, this isn't my job. This isn't, I don't write on my tax form. I don't go show runner.
Wait. Yes, I do. I'm not anymore, but it's a live show runner. I don't say this as a town with my
name on it. What the fuck were we talking about? Well, what were we just talking about? It was
important. No, we weren't talking about Levi jumping off bridges. I mean, we were, but we
shouldn't have been infidelity. Yeah. People broken out or whatever. I, I, I, yes, I would,
I would rather be cheated on because the long-term, all right. Here's a short question. Woody Allen
thoughts. I do have thoughts because Aaron just pulled up that documentary on Woody Allen. It was
a, how many people have by applause have seen that Woody Allen documentary? That was very
interesting watching that. The most so revelatory, like Woody Allen is a ubiquitous genius. Like
he's, but he's, but everyone in this room has grown up surrounded by his movies because he
makes almost literally one per year and has been doing it for how many decades. And some of them
hit and some of them miss, but he's, he's made more good movies than, than, than any of his peers
because he's made kind of by more bad movies. I never got that, that perspective on him.
And there's this, like the studying of his personality by talking to all of the people
around him. He seems to have like, uh, I was relieved to find out that he really, he, there's
like, uh, his circuit board and his brain is kind of like, there's a couple of like, uh,
scorch marks there that, that were, which is, which is nice because it means that we don't all
owe it to ourselves to go home and try to be Woody Allen. Like, because he, it's clearly like,
I think it's genetic. I think it's like neurological. He does that. He was, there's like,
what, what was the movie that he was writing in the documentary? He was writing one of his
good movies while all of the shit was going down in the tabloids about him, uh, and Sun Yi.
Does anyone, can anyone shout it out to them? Who's writing husband's wives? That was it. Wait,
was that a good one or not? Was it Broadway, Danny Rose or husband's wives? No, couldn't have been
Broadway, Danny Rose. Those are both good movies. I don't think it was Bullets over Broadway either.
It's husband's wives probably. Curly Sue. Curly Sue. This is a story about him like taking phone
calls with his lawyer and going like, you know, you might want to get a blood sample. Um, and then
coming back and sitting down and just riffing bits to do this trick. And the end result is a fine
movie that everyone enjoyed. Like he, he, and then they have that montage of everyone going,
he compartmentalizes, he compartmentalizes, he compartmentalizes. Like he, the, the, another
word for compartmentalizing is like, uh, you know, autism. He's, he is like, like there's
different parts of his brain that are incapable of crossing into other parts of his brain. And
he's one of those rare people that like, like those compartments are shaped in a Tetris block
that makes like movies. And he just, just keeps making them and making like good ones and good
ones and good ones. To me, it was a relief because I'm a narcissist and everyone who does
anything creative, I don't care if you make a rocking chair or a stained glass window. I'm,
my big thought in my head is like, do I need to prove that I can do that better or worse? Or,
you know, like, like, is that, am I under threat here? Do I need to go, what do I,
you beat your wife, right? That's why you make such good stained glass windows. I don't know.
Like I'm always, I'm always looking for some way to make myself feel at ease that I am
still a contributor to my society, that what I do is important and, and that I'm doing it right
and that I don't need to work harder at it or less hard at it. And watching that documentary
really relaxed me because Woody Allen has haunted me a long time because I always think like, Jesus
Christ, how do you do what he does? Well, you said to me recently that there might be some
money coming in on syndication. And if you ever got that money coming in that you would stop writing,
you said this before that you might retire, you would never work again, you would just do that,
but I don't, I don't imagine that you would be able to do that. No, I don't think I would.
Yeah. So you say that, but you're, that's,
Well, I say that, yeah, I say that because I feel like I'm, yeah, I'm trying to win some game against
people that I hate. Like I, I don't want to be rich and I won't care, but I'll always care. I was
like, yeah, I'll die like writing the worst shit that I've ever written. I'll always, I'm all fucked
up. Like, don't say aw. If they're gonna say aw, that's when they should say it. I will, I will,
like, yeah, I will like, I will be 70 years old if I'm lucky. And I'll like, I'll just be working
on some fucking piece of garbage. Like I'll just be trying to prove that I'm trying to untie some
knot in my head of like, how you're supposed to make yourself happy. I just talked to Mitch
Hurwitz about this name drop. I was on the set of Arrested Development and met Mitch Hurwitz.
And, and he said so many things that I had been thinking, which it was so, such a great thing
to hear him say it. And one of the things that we talked about was the fact that when we make things,
we're trying to entertain everyone in the world. We're not ever, ever, ever trying to exclude
anybody. And the, but the, but the only way you could possibly ever stand a chance of entertaining
everybody is if you're entertaining yourself. There's no, otherwise you're a hack. You don't,
you don't say, well, people like got milk. That's a funny joke. So if you say got milk,
then everyone will laugh. That's what I've learned. And you're not laughing the whole time. It's like,
it's garbage. It's hackery. And it works for some people because they get lucky,
because there's only so much shit to watch out there. But the truth is, if you really want
to make people happy, you have to know who you are and what you want and express it and make
yourself laugh if you're doing comedy. And then it's your tough luck if only three million people
like it, as opposed to 18 million people. It's, it's, it's Mitch, Mitch Hurwitz was exactly the
same as me going like, I wish, I wish everybody liked everything that I did. I really do. But
I'm not going to, I'm not going to change what he does because then what do we be doing? He'd be
writing like an animated penguin movie. He doesn't, what would he, it would be, it would be terrible.
It would be worse than an animated penguin movie that you like. Like there's one that you like,
and it was written by a guy who was operating the top of his game. He woke up with a boner for
animated penguins. Mitch Hurwitz would be slumming it and then like betraying you. You'd be watching
a liar lie. And so he has to do what he has to do at the top of his RPMs and just like be bummed out.
What were we talking about? Infidelity? Yeah. Woody Allen. Oh, Woody Allen. Yes, Woody Allen.
Yeah. So whatever. It relaxed me a lot to watch that documentary. Those were my thoughts. I had a
lot of thoughts. Aaron and I talked about Woody Allen for a long time. Aaron's observation was
like, yeah, it's like, he's a jazz musician on top of all this. Like he has this weird disconnection
where he's able to focus on people and he doesn't, he doesn't work with the actors. He just casts
people like they're crayons in a crayon box. He doesn't even talk to them. And then he sends them
a script and says, you can do, do, do the lines the way I wrote them or don't. And if anyone
else said that, they'd be full of shit. You know, they'd be just saying that because he really
means it. He doesn't give a fuck if you do the script or not. He's Woody Allen and he doesn't
care if you do his script. And then he gets the actor, he's on the set and he's, he described it
as like, he's like, the people do the take, you know, and you, you know, you say cut and then
they look at you like, you know, did I do a good job? And of course you can't stare at them all
day. So you have to say something. So you say, that was fine. It's like, that's a person talking
that's like, people are mannequins to him. They are, they're like, like, he's just playing a video
game where, where everyone is like an obstacle to get past so that he can do what he wants to do.
He's just playing Grand Theft Auto. And his goal is to, is to make the most movies ever,
which is, which is great. You can emulate yourself. But you, but you, like the relieving
thing is that no, his brain is shaped different. You can't, you got to do what you want to do.
He's doing what he wants to do. What's the difference of the shape of your brain that
makes you do what you do well? Mind shape like a planet. And it has beautiful clouds. I don't know.
What would be your crowning achievement? Or is there such a thing as something you want?
Like, would you like, you know, best screenplay or something like that? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Best
original screenplay of Oscar. That would be, if I got that, then I would, it would be hard to get
up the next day. I would probably play a lot of Minecraft after I got, I would, I would be like,
okay, what am I, you know, like, let's go on a hike. Yeah. If can I hike my way to another one
of these motherfuckers? How about more chocolate pudding? Will you, but will you endeavor to do
that? What do you, do you think? Yeah, I want to, I want to. There was times that, you know,
Dan and I were friends and you know, like, like years ago when he was broke or I was broke and
we're both helping each other out and stuff like that. And like, and you have these scripted ideas,
like, and it was times when you, you seemed like more of a feature writer than a TV writer.
That's why I came out here. I didn't even know you could write TV. Like most of us,
I thought the people on TV were making it up. You just kind of felt that when you watch TV.
Like, oh, Ellen, all those hilarious in the Korean War. He should do more stuff. He's great.
Jerry Seinfeld's like, whoa, what a great observation about, about socks.
Why didn't they think of putting him with Kramer for a long time ago? You just,
yeah, I have that feeling about TV. It doesn't feel like it's written if it's good. And yeah,
I never, the TV I fell into on accident. I wanted to write movies. I wanted, before that,
I wanted to write books. I always wanted to be legit. Don't quote me, man, because I had said,
shit, easy, look him up. Died of AIDS, jumped off the bridge of AIDS. And you know,
Phyllis Diller, whom I love, she died today, right? And she was 95 and she died in her sleep. And a
whoever found her, like, was one of her children. So someone came into the house and found her
and she had a smile on her face. Oh, come on. And I was like, that's, that's how you fucking do it.
Why can't we all, why can't we all live to between 70 and 90 and just turn to dust?
Why does it always have to be like, like, his heart did this and his liver did that and his lung
had this thing. And then he had a complicated thing. And it's a waste. I met Phyllis Diller after
a show at the improv. I like, I think she was 89. And she put down in my presence four pretty big
beef eater, gin martinis. And she was just solid as a rock. And also I was on stage for a while.
So she probably, she might have had a couple in there. And she had diamond the size of like,
like a billiard ball. Apparently that was worth like just a zillion dollars. And she,
she's quite wealthy. She done very well for us off. And she was one of the first female comedians
that like made it like possible for women. And she was just like this, this beautiful,
and she made her whole career about being ugly, but she really wasn't. She was really beautiful.
She was very pretty. And she was 37 years old when she started. She had five kids or something
like that. She was a housewife. And she was 37 years old when she started her career. And she
died a beloved, amazing person at 95 years old with a fucking smile on her face. It made me so
happy and also wistful and sad all day long. I think I put me in a very strange mood today.
I was like, you couldn't do it any better than that. I don't think. Well, Tony Scott put me in a
strange mood. I'm not going to, I'm not going to blab. Obviously my relationship with pink hair
is what really set things off. But I had Tony's, the Tony Scott thing put me in a bad mood because
it reminded me of spaulding gray. It reminded me a hundred Thompson. I don't like suicides. It made
me very uncomfortable because I feel like I'm a very weak person. And I feel like if I get sick,
and it's rumored that I'm, you look for reasons with this stuff. I want to know why did Tony
Scott do this? I heard the rumor that he had terminal brain cancer. I don't know if that's
still a rumor. Does anybody out there know? Still a rumor. But that makes me very uncomfortable
because it just, it feels too close to home. It feels too close to some hypothetical home.
I feel like I wouldn't have the strength to endure hardship. I don't, I have a told on Friday the
story of me calling an ambulance because I had too much coffee. And I was miserable. I was like,
I'm a pretty, I'm a pretty cut off your nose despite your face guy. I'm a pretty like,
fuck you if you don't want me. And I, you know, if a guy makes a joke about the party being over,
you know, yeah, I might, I might just, just to teach him a lesson, just blow my brains out.
That's a joke. If you get diagnosed with a terminal illness, just to walk around with that,
pick your time, pick your time. Hey, can I get a loan? I just want to get a loan at this bank.
Well, you know, got milk. Just to, just to, just to teach one person an invaluable lesson.
Shoes untied, bro. Oh, really? Well, then fuck it.
Thank you for coming to Harmontown, everybody. You guys have been wonderful as always.
Oh, shit. I always forget. Let me find the thank yous. Nobody go anywhere. Keep clapping. It's
fun. We have people to thank. Sorry, I want to think again, Katie Levine or audio recording.
What's your name, a new checker?
Kyle Clark, I believe he says his name, I hope I get that sick. Emily Gordon,
producing the live show, Daniel Kramer, production, program director, Dustin Marshall podcast,
producer Mo Fathlbab, onsite director, and Jenny Fine, our artist. Thank you so much for coming
down again. Thank you guys, Peter. Fantastic. Thank you, Pink Care. Thank you, Levi. Pink Care.
Thank you, Adam. And of course, Spencer, our dungeon master. Thank you, Spencer.
Who else did we abuse? Anybody? Good night, all. You guys are awesome. Thank you.